# Kaitlyn~Ethylia

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/makes-people-smile.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/0-percent-optimized.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-black-magic.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

This repo was a general collection of my programme configs, which can
still be found in the `old` branch. But now it contains my NixOS
configuration (evitently, alongside this self introduction below),
with programme configs being mostly managed by
[Home Manager](https://github.com/nix-community/home-manager).

A few programmes are still managed with traditional configs, namely:
NeoVim, Wezterm, and LF, among others. Those are all in folders named
`conf`

## About Me

Hi there! I'm Kaitlyn. I'm just your average, slightly-autistic,
trans girl, which means that, naturally, I write code. I've not got
too much to say about myself here, as I haven't really done anything
of note; most of my projects are still being worked on, are abandoned,
or are of no use to anybody bar myself. Nonetheless, as to not appear
entirely useless, I will mention a couple of my smaller projects that 
re in a useable state:

## Projects

### Disco

This is a small programme written in Rust that acts as a Discord rich
presence client, in the form of a standalone daemon, configured in
Lua. It certainly has issues, but it works well enough to be useable.
Currently I don't plan to add many new features to it, unless it were
to gather some attention where amendments and additions might be
requested but I do wish to develop "around it"; by which I mean
specifically, attempting to create entries for various package
managers, and using it as a tool to assist me in learning about Nix,
thereby potentially creating a Home Manager module in the process.

[link](https://github.com/KaitlynEthylia/Disco)

### Evalua

I realise my last paragraph was rather long; I will try to be more
concise here, but rambling in what one might consider unnecessarily
formal language, is a lot of fun. Evalua is a simple plugin for NeoVim
which allows for evaluating Lua code underneath the cursor, aided by
Treesitter for a more context-aware selection. It was highly inspired
by the `C-x C-e` functionality that I found very useful during my
month within Emacs. I don't have any intentions to update the plugin,
but as I will be using it quite a bit in an upcomming project, it is
entirely likely that I will find issues and fix them.

[link](https://github.com/KaitlynEthylia/Evalua)

### TreePin

TreePin is a simple NeoVim plugin for marking a section of text and
having it remain on screen even when the buffer has scrolled past that
point. The programme works well enough for myself, but as there seemed
to be some external interest in the plugin, I do intend to rewrite it
entirely to make it both more robust, and more useful.

[link](https://github.com/KaitlynEthylia/TreePin)

## Website

https://girl.but.gay

## Contacts

I don't really use most 'traditional' social media; The easiest way to
contact me is on Fedi `@KaitlynEthylia@Akko.wtf`. I can also be contacted
via email at `kaitlyyn.ethylia@proton.me`, but I don't check my emails
as often as I perhaps ought to.

[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kaitlynethylia)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)